If you've been struggling to get your
business off the ground, this is going
to be a great coaching video for you to
learn from. How many outreaches did you
do?
>> A lot.
>> How many? Hundreds?
>> Yeah, hundreds a day.
>> Hundreds a day.
>> Yeah, a lot of days.
>> Nobody ever came from that.
>> It did, but it never worked, if that
makes sense. Like, it never lasted.
They'd come in and they'd go out.
>> In this coaching video, we explore a
man's struggle with his business and
find out that it's really not about
business strategy. It's about how he
relates to himself.
>> The question is how to trust myself
again because I feel like I've done it
over and over again that I don't trust
myself to do it and I I can succeed in
other people's businesses but I don't
believe in myself to succeed. Um
>> so you you meaning that you have done
multiple entrepreneurship issues. You've
tried multiple businesses and failed but
when you work for other people you
succeed. Is that what you mean?
>> Exactly. Yes. Correct.
>> How many failures have you had?
I'd say around like nine to 10 of them.
>> How long do they last?
>> Um
I'd say around like a few months.
>> So within a few months you know if you
fail or succeed.
Yeah. Then you're definitely going to
fail. There's no business that was built
in two months.
>> No, no, no. Definitely. But it's more so
the failure the definition of failure is
like not being able to um financially
support myself.
That's right. So you're you you've been
setting up businesses that you are
supposed to financially support you in
two months.
>> No. Okay. No. No. So um if I wheel it
back because I don't feel like that's
the direction of the question. Um it
never got past to I was never able to
build it past a certain point like I
would hit a plateau with the main one. I
started out different ones. The main one
that I want to do.
>> What's the main one you wanted to do?
Uh, fitness coaching.
>> Say it again.
>> Fitness coaching.
>> Fit
>> fitness coaching.
>> Yeah.
>> You you you want to be like a physical
like a a a trainer?
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> And what makes it that you have failed
in being a trainer?
>> Not building the clientele to the level
that I would want it to. How many
outreaches did you do?
>> A lot.
>> How many? Hundreds.
>> Yeah.
Every like Yeah. Hundreds a day.
>> Hundreds a day.
>> Yeah. On a lot of days.
>> Okay. And somehow or another that never
that didn't No. Nobody ever came from
that.
>> It did, but it never worked if that
makes sense. Like it never lasted.
They'd come in and they'd go out. Um.
>> Gotcha.
>> Yeah. I see. Okay.
What made you push them away?
How did you push them away and what made
you push them away?
of
maybe not being able to understand where
they were fully
um to support them in that way and then
what made me push them away. That was
that and then how um I how did I push
them away?
It might have been by
being too intense.
So, so it sounds like what I hear is
like you were proving yourself instead
of connecting with them. Is that what
you mean?
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense.
>> Cool. Are you doing that with yourself
right now
in this session? Are you connecting with
yourself or are you trying to push
yourself to an answer?
>> I think push myself to an answer.
>> Yeah. Let's see what it's like just to
connect with yourself.
feels calmer.
>> Yeah. Something else happened too. What
else happened?
>> Just keep connecting with yourself. Go
ahead.
>> I thought of how to connect with myself.
>> Yeah. And what like there's like almost
a smile on your face. So what is what
what don't think connect with yourself
and let's just see what happens.
Just enjoy connect whatever
you're thinking.
>> Yeah. I'm trying to go past that.
>> Yeah, you're trying to get somewhere.
Now you're pushing yourself again.
>> Now you're doing it again.
>> I know.
>> Um I know. It's like if I just I What's
>> Still doing it. Still doing it.
>> You can't push yourself into not pushing
yourself. That's not how it works.
>> No. No. Exactly. But that's that's what
I've done and tried. I know it hasn't
worked because I tried.
>> You're doing it right now.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't just right now. Let's not do it.
There you go.
Who do you want to be with more?
>> This or the person who's pushing?
>> Oh, this.
>> Oh, yeah. Apparently your clients also.
>> Yeah.
>> So, now you just kind of beat yourself
up there. What was that? This kind What
what just went down?
sort of the realization in that
>> right
>> I don't think I ever made that
distinction between the two it was like
one if that makes sense or not reach the
>> connection
>> yeah so what happens when you let that
land that people actually wanted to be
with you didn't need to push yourself at
all
now you're thinking again
>> now you're trying to get there again
>> it Can't be that simple or
>> so. Let me ask you a question.
What happens when somebody is training
and they get in their head?
>> That it's not very good.
>> Yeah. What happens specifically?
>> They probably get hurt.
>> How about that?
>> Yeah.
>> How is that any different than what just
happened to you? It's pretty much the
same thing.
>> Yeah.
And where do you go when you're training
that doesn't keeps you not hurt?
>> In your body.
>> Yeah.
And when you're just being you,
connecting to yourself. Where are you?
>> In my body.
>> And when you're trying to get to the
resolution, where are you?
>> In my head.
So, I'm training with you. I keep
getting in my head. You're like, "Dude,
get in your body or you're going to hurt
yourself." And I'm like, "Yeah, but it's
not that easy." What do you say to me?
It can't be that easy.
>> I keep on hurting myself.
I mean, all I have to do is just be in
my body
in a way. Yes.
And what's the what's in a way? No.
What am I missing?
>> Well, I guess if they don't know if
they've never done that or they don't
know how to do it.
>> Yeah.
>> It's like an instruction without how to
>> right
>> into action.
>> Yeah. So, all of a sudden, I'm just
noticing you're like so much more
connected in the conversation than you
were before.
>> Yeah.
>> I want to be with you a bunch more. We
could if if there wasn't a whole bunch
of hands raised, I would have people
raise their hand if they wanted to be
with you a bunch more and every most
people would raise their hands. Maybe
not all of them. Some, you know,
somebody had a dominant father, they
didn't like that, but or like that, but
yeah, here you are.
So, how do you do a reach out to a
potential client like this?
>> Just be in my body.
>> I'm your potential client. Show me.
>> Um, yeah. Now I'm thinking again.
>> Yeah,
>> we do reps. This is reps.
>> Yeah. Um, well, these something. Well,
not it wouldn't be something. Um,
>> but it's just, hey Joe, I I know you've
been looking to, you know, achieve XY
andZ goal.
>> Yeah.
>> What makes you interested in that? It's
a lot.
>> Not only that, it's an open-ended
question. You're listening. You're not
pushing. you're letting them come to
you. Like all of that just happened
naturally.
>> And I do,
>> I got this to offer you. I got this to
offer you. I'm going to do this. We're
going to get you there. None of that
[__] It's just like what makes you
interested.
>> Yeah. The thinking would bring up a lot
of pressure or like I mean I feel like
that's what I was taught and how it had
to be.
>> Yeah.
>> Never resonated, never sat with me. is
like
>> was like
>> [__] the plan. [__] your mood, follow
the plan kind of thing.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That doesn't that let's be honest.
>> Yeah,
>> that hasn't worked either.
>> So, let's look at your dad for a second.
Your dad, you said your dad multiple
times tried to be entrepreneurial and it
didn't work for him. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> How much of this is the pattern that he
was in? He was pushing instead of
connecting.
>> Yeah.
>> Not too far off.
>> Yeah. So imagine your dad doing exactly
his work but making connection the
primary initiative,
the motivator. Whatever I do, I connect.
>> Yeah.
>> Where would your dad be today if you had
to guess?
a lot more
a lot more connections and a lot more
stability. I would say a lot less
struggle.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. If you're trying to if you're
trying to prove yourself, you're
agreeing to the fact that you're not
valuable.
>> Yeah.
>> And then other people agree with you.
Yeah,
>> what a pleasure.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, I'm so glad you moved to the car.
That was uh it was lovely to be with
you.
>> Thank you, Joe. I appreciate you.
>> Yeah, if you found this coaching video
helpful and you want to experience it
yourself or participate in a live
coaching event, just go here or click
the link below. I'd love to see you
there.